if you're feeling alone in December this
video is for you hi my name is Mika and
welcome to my Channel today we are going
to talk about being alone being lonely
and how to never ever be lonely again
let's get into it first You are not
alone because it's December you are
always alone just a gentle reminder and
to get on with de is a good thing to be
alone but it's not the same to be lonely
our first point we're getting into is
being alone or being
lonely and being alone as I said is a
great thing I think sometimes we just
want to or we just should be alone by
ourselves with our own energy because at
the end of the day all our lives we will
be alone we are alone we cannot not ass
sure that anyone will stay with us or
anything will stay with us we are always
alone that's just a simple fact and once
we realize that it's actually an even
greater thing because once we realize
the only person we always got is
ourselves we are not settling for
anything less anymore and we are
starting to treat ourselves with the
highest respect possible because you
only have yourself how would you you
treat yourself if you only have yourself
once I realized that I have only myself
literally all my life I start to realize
I need to take care of myself as I would
take care of my little baby if I have
one I'm the most precious and important
thing in my life and I hope that gets
into your brain somehow because again
you are your most precious person and
most important person in your life you
are not going to leave yourself at any
time of your lifetime you are with
yourself always number one was being
alone is actually great thing be by
yourself get your energies together and
realize being alone all your life will
get you further because you will start
to respect yourself more the other thing
is if you're feeling lonely I don't want
you to be lonely that's not a nice thing
that's not a nice feeling and there are
reasons why you feel lonely that's why I
will give you now two steps how to never
ever feel lonely again let's start
with number one you are feeling lonely
because you not treating
yourself as you have yourself all your
life what do I mean by that you you not
treating
yourself to be seen you're not treating
yourself with respect you're not
allowing yourself to be seen you're not
allowing yourself to be beautiful you're
not allowing yourself to be the best
version of yourself and how do I allow
myself to be my best version what I mean
by that is that you need to allow
yourself to treat yourself well I can
say oh I allow myself to be beautiful
but I it just happens that I'm not
feeling beautiful no you need to allow
yourself to feel beautiful because by
allowing yourself you start to realize
you need to take responsibility over
that and take care of yourself you can
be the most beautiful person on Earth
and still not be recognized by anyone
because you are not allowing yourself
you're not seeing yourself the same way
as other people may perceive you you
just feel unseen because you don't see
yourself you could be an average person
you could be just
average body average beautiful average
money but you treat yourself with the
highest respect that's how other people
treat you as well and that's also how
you feel seen my point here is you need
to make yourself feel seen valued and
respected first in order to be seen and
valued and respected by others how do
you do that by different things take
care of yourself get out do things that
are uncomfortable first do new things go
to dance try out new things in order to
see what you're capable of in order to
learn how you can respect yourself you
can only Respect Yourself by learning
learning by doing you cannot just wake
up and say I'm respecting myself right
now but then you're not doing it your
frequency speaks before your words and
you can lie to yourself you can look in
the mirror and say to yourself I'm
respecting myself I'm beautiful but if
you don't feel it if you don't believe
it girl this is not going to help you at
all you need to implement and you need
to impersonate it and however you
impersonate it you need to find out by
yourself I just can give you examples of
what I did of what helped for me but it
doesn't mean that this will help you if
I'm telling you it helped me to shower
cold every day and it was growing my
self-confidence maybe for you to shower
cold wouldn't have the same effect or
maybe you hate it so much that it just
makes you feel miserable whatever we are
all different persons right I can share
what helped me but I cannot guarantee it
will help you for me changing my career
was the
most scary part I ever did and changing
my hair color I know it sounds so maybe
simple for you I was always blonde for
almost all my life and I changed my hair
color and it was so scary I thought no
one will like me anymore no one will see
me anymore I thought I will not be
beautiful anymore but actually I feel
way more beautiful now
than waking up early and going to the
gym first to just go for a walk because
that's what is good for me was another
thing that helped me a lot all was
coming together but in whole I would say
I completely changed my identity and by
doing that I first had to let go my old
identity and identity is always
something that you are identified with
obviously something that your ego thinks
this is what's defining you your ego
things if you're letting go your old
personality you are losing you are
completely devastated that's how it felt
for me
because our ego wants to stay alive and
it's scary for the ego to die to let
this go step by step was a big thing for
me and it was scary I thought I will
lose everything but in the end it
brought me self-respect self love
getting to know what I really want and
also from other people being respected
more other people are seeing me now as
an inspiration I'm not fearing change
I'm just just going for the change even
though it's scary even though it's
uncomfortable even though I don't know
what's coming next all of this is
playing into feeling alone feeling
lonely when you look back at my older
videos there is an a video I was crying
and I was devastated I was feeling so
lonely I was feeling so lost and I
didn't know how to
get out how to change I just didn't know
what to do this was my lowest point and
I thought nothing can be worse than this
moment I simply didn't want to continue
and that was actually a great point
because that was when I started to take
action and started changing my whole
identity so if you're here now sitting
and listening to this video and you
think yeah but no you don't know what I
I've been through you don't know how
difficult it is to change you don't know
that I can't do this or I can't do that
if you're in that
pessimistic view of life just go off of
this video I don't want to be rude but I
also don't want to waste your time I
cannot help you with telling you oh yeah
just stay as you are you don't like your
reality but just stay as you are
eventually it will change if you believe
in it enough no girl that's not how it
works if you don't like your reality
right now all you need to change is
everything everything about yourself
your energy your frequency your thoughts
your beliefs your your everything from
the inside from yourself if you change
even if you change your country it can
help if you change your apartment it can
help but believe me the things you have
to change are the most uncomfortable
things and they start
within and that's what I did that's what
helped me and I guess if I think now
about it there are many many more and
I'm still changing and evolving and I
will never stop to change and evolve but
it starts there it starts there to
change to never feel lonely again let's
go to my second point maybe even even
more important than the first but the
second point is your connection to
Source or God or universe or how you
ever want to call it if you did not
connect ever to God or you've never
really felt that connection to universe
or God then I can tell you you're
missing out and you will be stuck for a
very long time until you realize the
only thing that's missing from for you
is probably to connect to source and
connect to God you need to sit down and
either you write or you talk to that
higher power that Source from above that
Source from within that source that some
called God that source that some called
Universe whatever it is for you you need
to connect to this higher power because
you cannot be lonely if you understand
that we are all connected to this higher
source to this higher power God has
always got your back you will never be
alone and whatever happens to you it
will always be fine once you
understand he is there universe is there
Universe got my back whatever happens
I'm supposed to live on this Earth
that's why I'm here and I'm supposed to
do something on Earth that's why I'm
here I just need to connect to this
higher source I need to connect to the
power that is providing even more than
you can ever imagine everything on this
Earth was first created where in your
mind in someone's mind where do you
think these thoughts are coming from you
think someone just woke up and thought I
will create Bush Khalifa right now how
did this idea come to this person just
think about it how do this closet come
to to reality it starts from somewhere
and this is the higher source the higher
source is providing us with whatever we
need we are just this vehicle on the
physical rearm this physical nve where
we can manifest it into
reality that's why we are different than
animals we get these ideas we get this
information from higher source and then
we are here to manifest it in reality
once we have the idea once we think
about something it's already there it
just didn't manifest yet in our physical
freey rearm but let's not get into this
that's another topic I want you to
understand it's very important and
believe me I never really believed in
God I was growing up with religious
background but I didn't believe in it I
thought it makes no sense to me there is
a God there is a man up there that is
looking on us I just didn't understand
it but believe me once I was on my
lowest point the only thing that came to
my mind is now I have to talk to God I
was Rock Bottom so I fell on my knees
and I talked to God and I asked him for
help and until today every day in the
morning every every day in the night one
time a day I'm talking to God or I'm
writing to God I asked to help me to
find my highest version of myself to
help me find my purpose I asked him to
guide me to find the career of my
highest version I ask him all the time
for things and it let's say mysteriously
happens even though it's not
mysteriously it's just just a way of
manifesting it's a way of understanding
How the Universe works with that said I
want to encourage you to connect to that
Source try it and try it again and try
it again and try it again just do it it
helps better and more to connect to God
and to stand in front of the mirror and
talk to yourself and say things that you
just don't believe I think I'm a pretty
good example but there are many many
very good examples there are many
teachers I had on YouTube there are many
teachers I still have and listen to I
read books I read the book The Secret of
divine love that talks a lot about
religions and the Divine love to God to
the universe to that source and I again
I beg you connect to God in any way that
is most authentic to you do it in a way
that feels good to you don't listen
to the exact steps how other people are
doing it just do it the way you feel
most comfortable with and you will see
the results you will be rewarded
because that's how life and that's how
Universe works and with that said I want
to end this video I thank you so much
for listening I love you so much and
I'll see you in my next next video bye
bye